manually update latest identity, including readme (#1502)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-sdk-node: docs-ref-services/latest/identity-readme.md

ms.devlang: javascript
ms.service: identity
---

# Azure Identity client library for JavaScript - version 3.1.4

The Azure Identity library provides [Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis) token authentication through a set of convenient [TokenCredential](https://learn.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/core-auth/tokencredential) implementations.

> For examples of various credentials, see the [Azure Identity examples page](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For examples of various credentials, see the [Azure Identity examples page](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/@azure/identity_3.1.4/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md).
```

Key links:

> - [Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/@azure/identity_3.1.4/sdk/identity/identity)
```

- [Package (npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity)
- [API Reference Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/identity)
- [Azure AD documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/active-directory/)

> - [Samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/v2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/@azure/identity_3.1.4/sdk/identity/identity/samples/v2)
```

## Getting started

### Migrate from v1 to v2 of @azure/identity

> If you're using v1 of `@azure/identity`, see the [migration guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/migration-v1-v2.md) to update to v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using v1 of `@azure/identity`, see the [migration guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/@azure/identity_3.1.4/sdk/identity/identity/migration-v1-v2.md) to update to v2.
```

- Latest versions of Safari, Chrome, Edge, and Firefox.
  - **Note**: Among the different credentials exported in this library, `InteractiveBrowserCredential` is the only one that is supported in the browser.

> See our [support policy](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/SUPPORT.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our [support policy](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/@azure/identity_3.1.4/SUPPORT.md) for more details.
```

#### When to use something else

> The `@azure/identity` credential types are implementations of [@azure/core-auth](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-auth)'s `TokenCredential` class. In principle, any object with a `getToken` method that satisfies `getToken(scopes: string | string[], options?: GetTokenOptions): Promise<AccessToken | null>` will work as a `TokenCredential`. This means developers can write their own credential types to support authentication cases not covered by `@azure/identity`. To learn more, see [Custom Credentials](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#custom-credentials).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@azure/identity` credential types are implementations of [@azure/core-auth](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-auth)'s `TokenCredential` class. In principle, any object with a `getToken` method that satisfies `getToken(scopes: string | string[], options?: GetTokenOptions): Promise<AccessToken | null>` will work as a `TokenCredential`. This means developers can write their own credential types to support authentication cases not covered by `@azure/identity`. To learn more, see [Custom Credentials](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/@azure/identity_3.1.4/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#custom-credentials).
```

Though our credential types support many advanced cases, developers may want full control of the authentication protocol. For that use case, we recommend using [Microsoft Authentication Library for JavaScript (MSAL.js)](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js) directly. You can read more through the following links:

> - We portray some advanced use cases of `@azure/identity` on the [Azure Identity Examples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We portray some advanced use cases of `@azure/identity` on the [Azure Identity Examples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/@azure/identity_3.1.4/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md) page.
```

>   - There, we specifically have an [Advanced Examples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#advanced-examples) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - There, we specifically have an [Advanced Examples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/@azure/identity_3.1.4/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#advanced-examples) section.
```

>   - We also have a section that shows how to [Authenticate with MSAL directly](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#authenticating-with-msal-directly).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - We also have a section that shows how to [Authenticate with MSAL directly](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/@azure/identity_3.1.4/sdk/identity/identity/samples/AzureIdentityExamples.md#authenticating-with-msal-directly).
```

To authenticate in Visual Studio Code, ensure the Azure Account extension is installed. Once installed, open the **Command Palette** and run the **Azure: Sign In** command.

> Additionally, use the [`@azure/identity-vscode`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity-vscode) plugin package. This package provides the dependencies of `VisualStudioCodeCredential` and enables it. See [Plugins](##plugins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, use the [`@azure/identity-vscode`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/@azure/identity_3.1.4/sdk/identity/identity-vscode) plugin package. This package provides the dependencies of `VisualStudioCodeCredential` and enables it. See [Plugins](##plugins).
```

## Key concepts

> If this is your first time using `@azure/identity` or the Microsoft Identity platform (Azure AD), read [Using `@azure/identity` with Microsoft Identity Platform](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/documentation/using-azure-identity.md) first. This document provides a deeper understanding of the platform and how to configure your Azure account correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is your first time using `@azure/identity` or the Microsoft Identity platform (Azure AD), read [Using `@azure/identity` with Microsoft Identity Platform](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/@azure/identity_3.1.4/documentation/using-azure-identity.md) first. This document provides a deeper understanding of the platform and how to configure your Azure account correctly.
```

### Credentials

A credential is a class which contains or can obtain the data needed for a service client to authenticate requests. Service clients across the Azure SDK accept credentials when they're constructed. Service clients use those credentials to authenticate requests to the service.

> The Azure Identity library focuses on OAuth authentication with Azure AD, and it offers a variety of credential classes capable of acquiring an Azure AD token to authenticate service requests. All of the credential classes in this library are implementations of the [TokenCredential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/core/core-auth/src/tokenCredential.ts) abstract class, and any of them can be used by to construct service clients capable of authenticating with a TokenCredential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure Identity library focuses on OAuth authentication with Azure AD, and it offers a variety of credential classes capable of acquiring an Azure AD token to authenticate service requests. All of the credential classes in this library are implementations of the [TokenCredential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/@azure/identity_3.1.4/sdk/core/core-auth/src/tokenCredential.ts) abstract class, and any of them can be used by to construct service clients capable of authenticating with a TokenCredential.
```

Azure Identity for JavaScript provides a plugin API that allows us to provide certain functionality through separate _plugin packages_. The `@azure/identity` package exports a top-level function (`useIdentityPlugin`) that can be used to enable a plugin. We provide two plugin packages:

> - [`@azure/identity-cache-persistence`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity-cache-persistence), which provides persistent token caching in Node.js using a native secure storage system provided by your operating system. This plugin allows cached `access_token` values to persist across sessions, meaning that an interactive login flow does not need to be repeated as long as a cached token is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`@azure/identity-cache-persistence`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/@azure/identity_3.1.4/sdk/identity/identity-cache-persistence), which provides persistent token caching in Node.js using a native secure storage system provided by your operating system. This plugin allows cached `access_token` values to persist across sessions, meaning that an interactive login flow does not need to be repeated as long as a cached token is available.
```

> - [`@azure/identity-vscode`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/identity/identity-vscode), which provides the dependencies of `VisualStudioCodeCredential` and enables it. Without this plugin, the `VisualStudioCodeCredential` in this package will throw a `CredentialUnavailableError`. The plugin provides the underlying implementation of this credential, enabling it for use both on its own and as part of the `DefaultAzureCredential` described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`@azure/identity-vscode`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/@azure/identity_3.1.4/sdk/identity/identity-vscode), which provides the dependencies of `VisualStudioCodeCredential` and enables it. Without this plugin, the `VisualStudioCodeCredential` in this package will throw a `CredentialUnavailableError`. The plugin provides the underlying implementation of this credential, enabling it for use both on its own and as part of the `DefaultAzureCredential` described above.
```
